---
layout: post
date: 2019-08-28 0:01
title: DevLog August 2019: Efficient UIs
keywords: "DevLog, development, log, August 2019"
isPage: true
---

Last week I released CCAnimationEditor, a project that I have been working on for quite a long time. Shorty after releasing it I showed to the CrossCode devs and they gave me some feedback on it. The main point of feedback they had with the program was with the UI, being that every individual property had to bed edited one at a time, which would make things very tedious and inefficient.

Of course, I took that into consideration. Eventually I do plan on revamping the UI, which could take a few months. The main changes would be the ability to select and edit properties from multiple items (animation/sheets) at once, and making the setup overall less clunky and allow the user to do things with as little clicks as possible. This should make the workflow more efficient, and the changes should be done in about a few months and be ready by v0.3 or v0.4.

I don't know when the editor will support Multi Entity Animations, which would also require a UI revamp as well as lot more code. I don't know when that will be done since Multi Entity Animations are very complicated. 

Over the last month I have also made bunch of changes and additions which will be in v0.2. This includes:

* The ability to duplicate animations and sheets
* Update checking
* A fix for the flashing issue when playing animations
* Confirmation when closing or opening with unsaved changes

All of these are rather basic changes, but they are very important. Eventually I will get to working on the bigger stuff like the UI revamp, and v0.2 should be uploaded shortly after I post this. 

Anyways, that all for this month's post. School starts next week so I won't have as much time to work on this stuff, but this year I will only be there for one semester (I decided to take some additional classes before graduating) and then I will retire in February and officially graduate from high school in June. After that, I really don't know what will happen. I'm looking at getting a 3-year advanced diploma in software technology after high school, and then maybe I might go into front-end web design, but that field appears to be oversaturated so I will keep my options open.