---
layout: post
date: 2019-04-22 0:01
title: DevLog April 2019: Experiments and Spin-offs
keywords: "DevLog, development, log, April 2019"
isPage: true
---

A lot has happened in this month, although it might not look like it as there has not been any updates to any of the projects that I started. That's because I started a lot of new projects but they are either not done yet or that they are not being published here. Anyways, on to what I have been doing.

First off, I have been experimenting with stuff that is outside of my traditional skill set like mapping and graphics design. Both of those projects have been going rather well and I have been making progress on them every day. I won't reveal anything about those projects here, but I will say that I do intend on releasing the result of mapping project once it's done, which should be in a few weeks or so.

As for tool development, that's been kind of all over the place. I haven't really done anything with DualityTools since I released it, primarily because I don't have that many ideas for now components at the moment. However, I do plan on updating it sometime in the future. 

As for my other projects, initially I was working on an animation editor for [CrossCode](https://cross-code.com), but then I ran into a bunch of walls in development and the project got put on hold. However, at one point in development I decided to add a command-line tool called [MD2HTML](https://github.com/AlanBarber/MD2HTML) as a part of the build process to automatically convert the Markdown files in the repository to HTML for distribution with the program. Eventually, I decided that I could add a bunch of features to MD2HTML that I thought would be useful, and spun it off into it's own project.

Anyways, that's all for this month. Hopefully I will eventually figure out how to make the CrossCode Animation Editor work properly, but I have no idea when that will happen.