---
layout: post
date: 2019-03-08 0:01
title: DevLog March 2019: A Shift in Priorities
keywords: "DevLog, development, log, March 2019"
isPage: true
---
This is the first entry in my (hopefully) monthly development log. In this I'm going to talk about what any other dev log would talk about: ideas, thoughts, progress on projects, current events and everything else related to what I'm doing.

For the past few years, I have been relentlessly trying to make a computer game, without any luck. How many game projects have I been through since 2017? about 10, and none of them have been finished. Despite the fact that in the past I put several hours every day into those projects, ultimately they would never be finished. This is because at one point or another I would hit a brick wall that I could not break through and all of my motivation would lost (this was basically the same thing that killed Half Life 2: Episode 3, but with more people and on a much larger scale). Every few months or so I would come up with a new idea that I would surely get done this time, be of corse that was not true. After all I'm only one guy who's nearing the end of high school, and don't have the capabilities to make a full game all on my own no matter how hard I try to make it work.

So I have finally decided to shift my priorities and go on to other aspects. I'm still going to do experiments with making games every now and then, but that won't be the focus. Instead, I'm going focus on making small/medium tools and utilities. As for what they are, I'm not going to say right now. However, I will say that one will be released soon and I will update the site once that happens.

Anyways, that's all for now. Now I'm going to get back to developing stuff over the course of this March Break.