---
layout: post
date: 2020-01-31 0:01
title: DevLog January 2020: End of High School and Plans Going Forward
keywords: "DevLog, development, log, January 2020"
isPage: true
---

So now that high school is over (except for one online course that starts in a few weeks) and college won't start until September, I will have more free time to work on my projects. In addition to working on CCAnimationEditor, I have also started a few new developments which I will discuss below.

## CCAnimationEditor
Over the last few weeks I've been trying to fully implement the new array editor and multi-item editing into the animation editor, although things have been going slowly due to school and other development issues. Right now I'm still trying to work out the bugs and stuff, and I can't really give a date as to when the ui revamp will be done. Recently, I have also made some documentation how the editor works and posted it to the project's Github wiki. The docs are basic but I will improve them over time.

## GHAutoBackup
After an incident in the CrossCode modding community on New Years Eve I quickly made an automatic backup program to automatically create backups of the repositories involved so no code gets lost. At first it was going to be a rudimentary backup script that would manually list and backup each related repo, but then I managed to implement a feature which backed up all of the repos in a user or organization on github and decided to make the project standalone. After 6 hours of programming in Python, it was done and available for download. 

## Game Dev
Finally, once the UI revamp of CCAnimationEditor is done I'm going to try experimenting with game dev again. Since all of my other past game projects went very slow and ultimately failed because of a lack of aim, this time I formulated everything for my project into a big plan that will guide the development process. I'm also going to take a more phased approach to the development, starting with building a basic prototype and going from there rather than focusing on the end result. I won't detail what the game will be like here and I can't say when I'll reveal anything, but I can say it will take a long time.

## Final Thoughts
Overall, now that I have more free time I will be able to get more work done, although it will still take time. After running into a problem that I cannot fix I have a hard time motivating myself to get back into working on the project, which was only made worse with my school responsibilities. Now that I don't have to worry about that I can focus more on working on my stuff for the next few weeks, although I still don't know how long it will take to get things done.